# Snippets

## BinaryReverse

Task
Your task will be to write a program for reversing numbers in binary. For instance, the binary representation of 13 is 1101, and reversing it gives 1011, which corresponds to number 11.

Input
The input contains a single line with an integer N, 1 ≤ N ≤ 1000000000.

Output
Output one line with one integer, the number we get by reversing the binary representation of N.

## Fibonacci

Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:
1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...
By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

## Songlist

Input
The first line of input contains two integers n and m (1 ≤ n ≤ 50000, 1 ≤ m ≤ n), the number of songs on the album, and the number of songs to select. Then follow n lines. The i’th of these lines contains an integer fi and string si, where 0 ≤ fi ≤ 1012 is the number of times the i’th song was listened to, and si is the name of the song. Each song name is at most 30 characters long and consists only of the characters ‘a’-‘z’, ‘0’-‘9’, and underscore (‘_’).

Output
Output a list of the m songs with the highest quality qi, in decreasing order of quality. If two songs have the same quality, give precedence to the one appearing first on the album (presumably there was a reason for the producers to put that song before the other).




